W-16347923-deploy-json-ref-duke (#346)
mulesoft/docs-code-builder: modules/ROOT/pages/_partials/acb-deployment.adoc

//
// tag::deploy-json-config[]
The `deploy.json` file contains the following properties for deployments of Mule applications to CloudHub from Anypoint Code Builder.

//TODO: this is for CH 1.0 deployments. UPDATE for 2.0 in Oct rel.
[%header,cols="1a,3a,1a"]
|===
| Property 
| Description
| Host

| `runtime`
| Provides the Mule runtime version used by the project.  
| CloudHub

| `workersize`
| Sets the worker memory relative to a single worker or a number of available workers. The default is `0.1`. For more information, see xref:cloudhub::cloudhub-architecture.adoc#cloudhub-workers[CloudHub Workers] in the CloudHub documentation.  
| CloudHub

| `applicationName`

> | Provides the hyphenated, lower-case name of the Mule application.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Provides the hyphenated, lowercase name of the Mule application.  
```
